Overhaul overview pages (#340)
nais/doc: docs/README.md

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Getting started](/basics/application)

-   :octicons-rocket-24:{ .lg .middle } **Deploy in minutes**

    ---

    Get your application up and running in minutes with GitHub Actions.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Deployment](/deployment/)

-   :octicons-graph-24:{ .lg .middle } **Know what's going on**

    ---

    Observe everything that happens in your application with Prometheus and Grafana.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Observability](/observability/)

-   :octicons-heart-24:{ .lg .middle } **We got your back!**

    ---

    We have assembled the best tips and tricks to help you succeed.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Good practices](/nais-application/good-practices)

</div>

## Why NAIS exists

When you have a large development organisation, providing the developers with turn-key solutions for their most common needs is a good investment.

### "Swiss Army Knife"

At the core of NAIS lies [*Kubernetes*](https://kubernetes.io), which can be described as a Swiss army knife of tools. Each of these tools comes with its own set of instructions and in sum this adds up and makes for a bit of a mess in terms of choices and considerations.

> Our goal is to lift this burden from our developers, and in order to do so we've condensed the essential parts into a single configuration file that we use to generate all the underlying Kubernetes resources. In nais terms this file is most commonly referred to as [`nais.yaml`](./nais-application/example/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our goal is to lift this burden from our developers, and in order to do so we've condensed the essential parts into a single configuration file that we use to generate all the underlying Kubernetes resources. In NAIS terms this file is most commonly referred to as [`nais.yaml`](./nais-application/example/)
```

nit: consistent casing

And so the two GCP clusters `dev-gcp` and `prod-gcp` were born.
There are a couple of additional clusters in GCP as well, though - `ci-gcp` for us to test changes and `labs-gcp` where the teams can experiment.

[:octicons-arrow-right-24: Get started with Google Cloud](/clusters/gcp/)

![The on-prem zone consist of the two clusters dev-sbs and prod-sbs, that are now retired, and dev-fss and prod-fss. There are two GCP clusters, dev-gcp and prod-gcp. The illustration repeats the text, and uses a horrible, romantic font that makes the designers gasp for air.](assets/clusters.png)

## For Application Teams

NAIS is for the application teams.

We believe that a team should be able to take full responsibility for what they build - in the entirety of its lifecycle.
This creates better software and happier teams.

To achieve this, we ensure that each team has their own space where they can experiment, develop and host the stuff they build.
Here they have the full set of permissions, and are only limited by their own imagination.

You can also learn about our [user management and permissions](basics/teams).

## Access Your Applications

> In the extended NAIS universe we also have a component called [naisdevice][./device]. This is a cross plattform mechanism that provices access to NAIS services. The product adheres to the [Honest.security principles](https://honest.security) and takes aim at securing our operations without getting in our devs way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the extended NAIS universe we also have a component called [naisdevice][./device]. This is a cross-platform mechanism that provices access to NAIS services. The product adheres to the [Honest.security principles](https://honest.security) and takes aim at securing our operations without getting in your way.
```
